### Test 050-09-11 CHECKSUM

#### Description

##### PD

PDs have the option of processing packets with a checksum byte. Upon
receiving a command with a checksum, the PD must either reply with a
checksum or a NAK if not supported. If the PD supports checksum, it must
reject any command message that doesn't have the proper checksum
calculation.

##### ACU

ACU's may send commands with a checksum byte. If the ACU sends a command
with checksum, it must reject any reply messages that doesn't have the
proper checksum calculation.

#### Purpose

A single byte checksum that provides error detection. The checksum value
is the 8 least significant bits of the 2's compliment value of the sum
of all the previous characters of the message.

#### Criteria

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (PD)                     Optional
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (ACU)                    Optional

  Secure Channel (PD)                 Optional

  Secure Channel (ACU)                Optional

  BIO Match (PD)                      Optional

  BIO Match (ACU)                     Optional

  BIO Read (PD)                       Optional

  BIO Read (ACU)                      Optional

  Extended Packet Mode (PD)           Optional

  Extended Packet Mode (ACU)          Optional

  Extended Read/Write (PD)            Optional

  Extended Read/Write (ACU)           Optional
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Test action

##### PD Test

- Verify that every reply packet has a valid checksum when a command is
  sent with checksum byte. This test is only done with PDs that support
  this functionality.

- Verify that the PD replies with a NAK 0x01 if checksum is not
  supported or checksum sent in the command message is no correct.

##### ACU Test

- Verify that every command packet has a valid checksum when a command
  is sent with checksum byte. This test is only done with ACUs that
  support this functionality.

- Verify the ACU properly handles NAK 0x01 replies

#### Development status

Available in libosdp-conformance 1.28-1

#### Test Results

JSON tags

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  test                                050-09-11
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  test-status                         1 for pass, 0 for fail

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Revision History

Refreshed for 2.1.
