### []{#anchor}Test 050-04-01 Channel Access

Confirm only one reply per command; presence of busy; later processing
if busy.

##### PD

##### The PD shall send a single reply message to each message addressed to it within the specified maximum REPLY_DELAY, as defined in subclause 5.7.

##### ACU

#### Only the ACU may spontaneously send a message. Each message sent by the ACU is addressed to one and only one PD. The "broadcast message", as described in Table 1, assumes that there is only one PD connected to the ACU.

#### Purpose

Confirm that the DUT supports the "interrogation/reply" mode and
appropriate channel access.

#### Criteria

  ---------------------------- ----------
  Basic OSDP (PD)              Required
  Basic OSDP (ACU)             Required
  Secure Channel (PD)          Required
  Secure Channel (ACU)         Required
  BIO Match (PD)               Required
  BIO Match (ACU)              Required
  BIO Read (PD)                Required
  BIO Read (ACU)               Required
  Extended Packet Mode (PD)    Required
  Extended Packet Mode (ACU)   Required
  Extended Read/Write (PD)     Required
  Extended Read/Write (ACU)    Required
  ---------------------------- ----------

#### Test action

##### PD Test

##### []{#anchor-1}Use OSDP trace to confirm presence of one reply per command.

##### Operator action:

#####  Set up DUT and run a selection of commands, collecting a trace

#####  Run trace analyzer

#####  Confirm analyzer does not report response anomalies.

##### ACU Test

Use OSDP trace to confirm presence of busy, one reply per command.

Operator action:

Set up DUT and run a selection of commands, collecting a trace

Run trace analyzer

Confirm analyzer does not report response anomalies.

#### Development status

1.31-Build-4

#### Test Results

JSON tags

  ------------- -----
  test          n/a
  test-status   n/a
  ------------- -----

#### Revision History

Updated as 2.4.2

### 
