### Test 050-09-16 Bad CRC in Response

Confirm error check logic.

#### Description

Check to confirm ACU can detect a bad CRC in an OSDP response from a PD.

##### PD

PD's must respond to *only* the designated set of directives (on their
address or on the config address) in the clear even if in secure channel
(paired or not.)

##### ACU

If there is an active secure channel session or if the PD is responding
with "NAK -- Encryption required" then an ACU may use configuration and
secure channel setup commands in the clear. This means only osdp_ID,
osdp_CAP, osdp_COMSET and osdp_CHLNG are valid while secure channel is
expected by the PD or in use at the ACU. An ACU with an active valid
secure channel session with a PD is expected to use encrypted
communications for ID, CAP, or COMSET.

#### Purpose

Confirm cleartext commands use is limited.

#### Criteria

  ---------------------------- ----------
  Basic OSDP (PD)              ACU Only
  Basic OSDP (ACU)             Required
  Secure Channel (PD)          ACU Only
  Secure Channel (ACU)         Required
  BIO Match (PD)               ACU Only
  BIO Match (ACU)              Required
  BIO Read (PD)                ACU Only
  BIO Read (ACU)               Required
  Extended Packet Mode (PD)    ACU Only
  Extended Packet Mode (ACU)   Required
  Extended Read/Write (PD)     ACU Only
  Extended Read/Write (ACU)    Required
  ---------------------------- ----------

#### Test action

Use test stand to cause a malformed response to be returned to an ACU
DUT.

**Recommended processing:**

ACU MUST, at least, not accept the packet. It may resend the last
command if it wishes. ACU is recommended to be instrumented so telemetry
reflects the condition has happened.

##### PD Test

PD test: n/a

##### ACU Test

Via test stand activate conformance test 050-09-16

#### Development status

Available in [*libosdp-conformance
1.31.1-Build-4*](https://github.com/Security-Industry-Association/libosdp-conformance/releases/tag/1.31-4)

#### Test Results

JSON tags

  ------------- ------------------------
  Test          050-09-18
  test-status   1 for pass, 0 for fail
  ------------- ------------------------

#### Revision History

Refreshed for 2.3

### 
