### []{#anchor}Test 050-06-02 Packet Size Limits PD to ACU

The implementation of the standard message set requires all devices to
be able to accept packets up to 128 bytes long and be able to tolerate
messages addressed to other devices having a total length not exceeding
1440 bytes.

##### If the packet was meant for another device, there should be no adverse condition created in the PD with the limitation. If the PD receives a packet specifically addressed to it which is greater than its reported RX buffer size, it will constitute a protocol error and respond with a NAK code 0x02. 

##### PD

PD MUST use multi-byte data encoding when necessary for message
processing.

##### ACU

ACU MUST use multi-byte data encoding when necessary for message
processing.

#### Purpose

This protocol\'s primary purpose is to support communication to simple
devices on a shared (multi-dropped) channel. This provides a method to
process different message sizes in particular large packets (more than
128 bytes, though in general large packets should be avoided.

#### Criteria

  ---------------------------- ----------
  Basic OSDP (PD)              ACU Only
  Basic OSDP (ACU)             Required
  Secure Channel (PD)          ACU Only
  Secure Channel (ACU)         Required
  BIO Match (PD)               ACU Only
  BIO Match (ACU)              Required
  BIO Read (PD)                ACU Only
  BIO Read (ACU)               Required
  Extended Packet Mode (PD)    ACU Only
  Extended Packet Mode (ACU)   Required
  Extended Read/Write (PD)     ACU Only
  Extended Read/Write (ACU)    Required
  ---------------------------- ----------

#### Test action

##### PD Test

[]{#anchor-1}Monitor communications to determine proper message
processing between the PD and the ACU within the limits determined by
the PD capabilities and the package size limits it expresses.

##### ACU Test

Monitor communications to determine proper message processing between
the PD and the ACU within the limits determined by the PD capabilities
and the package size limits it expresses.

#### Development status

Available in [*libosdp-conformance
1.31.1-Build-4*](https://github.com/Security-Industry-Association/libosdp-conformance/releases/tag/1.31-4)

#### Test Results

JSON tags

  ------------- ------------------------
  test          050-06-1
  test-status   1 for pass, 0 for fail
  ------------- ------------------------

#### Revision History

New as 2.4.2
