### Test 050-09-02 Process Sequence Zero

#### Description

##### PD

PD's must discard the last reply and process the current command when
sequence zero is sent. The PD must reply using sequence zero when
receiving a sequence zero command. The PD may respond with sequence zero
to indicate that the ACU must reset the sequence including any secure
channel session that is currently active.

##### ACU

ACU's must only send sequence zero only for communication startup, at
boot time or after a communications loss. Normal communications cycle
through sequence numbers one through three.

#### Purpose

Sequence zero should be used only for communication startup, at boot
time or after a communications loss. Zero forces the PD to discard its
last reply and to accept and process the current command.

#### Criteria

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (PD)                     Required
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (ACU)                    Required

  Secure Channel (PD)                 Required

  Secure Channel (ACU)                Required

  BIO Match (PD)                      Required

  BIO Match (ACU)                     Required

  BIO Read (PD)                       Required

  BIO Read (ACU)                      Required

  Extended Packet Mode (PD)           Required

  Extended Packet Mode (ACU)          Required

  Extended Read/Write (PD)            Required

  Extended Read/Write (ACU)           Required
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Test action

##### PD Test

- Send a poll or command from the ACU with sequence zero. Check that PD
  response with a sequence zero.

##### ACU Test

- Fail if sequence is not restarted with zero for communication startup,
  at boot time or after a communications loss

- Fail if after receiving a sequence zero, the next command sent is not
  sent with sequence one

- Fail if after receiving a sequence zero response, the secure channel
  session is not cleared and restarted.

#### Development status

Available in libosdp-conformance 1.28-1

#### Test Results

JSON tags

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  test                                050-09-02
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  test-status                         1 for pass, 0 for fail

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Revision History

Refreshed for 2.1.
