### Test 070-04-02 Bad PDID Device Identification

Determine if there is an improper response to the osdp_PDID command as
indicated in Table 48. This occurs when the ACU expects a given device
to be connected a given channel and address.

##### PD

PD MUST properly respond to the PDID command with proper responses for
the device under test, it is then up to the ACU to determine whether or
not the device information matches expectations.

##### ACU

ACU MUST accept and process the response bad response and take
appropriate action, however this is not specified and not tested. This
can include ceasing to communication and taking further actions as
appropriate. This can include alarm conditions such as bad device,
device offline and other means of identifying the existence of a
unexpected PDID response.

#### Purpose

Used so the PD can provide the ACU device details and in the case of a
bad PDID it can take appropriate action. There is not use case in terms
of ACU actions that are covered by the specification.

#### Criteria

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (PD)                     Not Required
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (ACU)                    Require

  Secure Channel (PD)                 Not Required

  Secure Channel (ACU)                Required

  BIO Match (PD)                      Not Required

  BIO Match (ACU)                     Not Required

  BIO Read (PD)                       Not Required

  BIO Read (ACU)                      Required

  Extended Packet Mode (PD)           Not Required

  Extended Packet Mode (ACU)          Required

  Extended Read/Write (PD)            Not Required

  Extended Read/Write (ACU)           Required
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Test action

##### PD Test

Send an osdp_PDID command to the PD and determine that the information
returned conforms with Table 48 and is NOT accurate for the device under
test. This is done by substituting a different device on an existing
channel and address. In the case of secure channel this breaks
communications as the cUID in certain Secure Channel operations.

##### ACU Test

Not performed.

#### Development status

Available in libosdp-conformance
[1.32-Build-2](https://github.com/Security-Industry-Association/libosdp-conformance/releases/tag/1.32-2)

#### Test Results

JSON tags

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Test                                070-04-02
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  test-status                         1 for pass, 0 for fail

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Revision History

New as 2.4.2

Update as 2.5.3
