### Test 070-03-12 NAK 9 Unable to Process Command Record

Determine proper error codes in NAK response as detailed in Table 47 for
NAK Error Code Value 0x09 where a command record is unable to be
processed. 0x09 indicates that one or more command records have invalid
parameters and was not processed.

##### PD

PD MUST respond with NAK error code 0x09 in response to CMND (see Table
46) if one or more command records had invalid parameters and was not
processed. It can be followed by an optional array, where each byte
represents the completion code of the corresponding command record. A
zero value indicates no error, and the value 0xFF indicates a generic
error.

##### ACU

ACU MUST accept and process Error Code Value 9 also see section 6.1
General in the Commands (Section 6) of the specification for further
background.

#### Purpose

Used by PD to let ACU know that it cannot process the command record by
also indicating the error type in Table 46.

#### Criteria

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (PD)                     Optional
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (ACU)                    Optional

  Secure Channel (PD)                 Optional

  Secure Channel (ACU)                Optional

  BIO Match (PD)                      Optional

  BIO Match (ACU)                     Optional

  BIO Read (PD)                       Optional

  BIO Read (ACU)                      Optional

  Extended Packet Mode (PD)           Optional

  Extended Packet Mode (ACU)          Optional

  Extended Read/Write (PD)            Optional

  Extended Read/Write (ACU)           Optional
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Test action

##### PD Test

Send a CMND to the PD with invalid parameter(s) in the command record
and monitor the PD response for the proper NAK and associated error code
0x09 and error type.

##### ACU Test

Confirm ACU can process error code and react accordingly to the error
type after sending a CMND with an associated command record.

#### Development status

Available in libosdp-conformance
[1.31-Build-4](https://github.com/Security-Industry-Association/libosdp-conformance/releases/tag/1.31-4)

#### Test Results

JSON tags

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  test                                070-03-12
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  test-status                         1 for pass, 0 for fail

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Revision History

New as 2.4.2
