### Test 070-17-02 RMAC_I Initial Cryptogram and RMAC Error

#### Description

##### PD

Not applicable, ACU test.

##### ACU

Provide error flag per Annex D to indicate RMAC-I bad status.in
osdp_RMAC_I response to osdp_SCRYPT.

Process error status (see table D.3.2) received in response to SCRYPT
and cease (restart) the secure channel session currently being
established.

#### Purpose

Confirm the ACU validates the SCS header status in an osdp_RMAC_I
response and takes appropriate action. Confirm it does not continue
using the current Secure Channel session.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (PD)                     Not Applicable
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  Basic OSDP (ACU)                    Optional

  Secure Channel (PD)                 Not Applicable

  Secure Channel (ACU)                Required

  BIO Match (PD)                      Not Applicable

  BIO Match (ACU)                     Required

  BIO Read (PD)                       Not Applicable

  BIO Read (ACU)                      Required

  Extended Packet Mode (PD)           Not Applicable

  Extended Packet Mode (ACU)          Required

  Extended Read/Write (PD)            Not Applicable

  Extended Read/Write (ACU)           Required
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Test action

##### PD Test

Not applicable, applies to ACU processing of a PD response.

##### ACU Test

Calculate the RMAC-I response value as usual but set the status in the
SCS header to 0xff. Send that. Inspect an external OSDP trace to confirm
the ACU does not proceed to set up that secure channel session. The EAC
may emit telemetry when this event occurs.

#### Development status

Available in libosdp-conformance 1.33-Build-2

#### Test Results

JSON tags

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Test                                070-17-02
  ----------------------------------- -----------------------------------
  test-status                         1 for pass, 0 for fail

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

#### Revision History

Text updated 2.5.8
